crosslink Inline code chapters (#509)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-HowToDocument: Documentation/Reference/ReStructuredText/Code/InlineCode.rst

Code roles with language information and overlay
================================================

> You can also use `text roles <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/h2document:text-roles>`_ with one of the predefined languages to display more

Reviewer: I'm not too deep into it, but shouldn't it be a different link notation?
At least without the domain, and as it's a permalink **perhaps** a completely different internal notation should be used.

Reviewer: that's a surprising proposition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use :ref:`text roles <h2document:text-roles>`_ with one of the predefined languages to display more
```
